# ENERTALK-dataset
**The ENERTALK Dataset, 15 Hz Electricity Consumption Data from 22 Houses in Korea [[paper]](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-019-0212-5.epdf) [[dataset]](https://springernature.figshare.com/collections/The_ENERTALK_Dataset_15_Hz_Electricity_Consumption_Data_from_22_Houses_in_Korea/4502780)**

This repository contains jupyter notebooks for plots in the ENERTALK dataset paper. In order to visualize figures using notebooks, the 'ENERTALK' dataset must be downloaded first.

## Requirements
Listed in `requirements.txt`. Install with `pip install -r
requirements.txt`

## Data
After acquiring the
data and running the setup scripts your folder structure should look
like
```
PROJECT_PATH/
    enertalk-dataset/
        00/
            20161101/
            20161102/
            ...
        01/
        ...
    nilmtk-converter
    notebooks
    tools
```

## Contents in 'nilmtk-converter'
This folder contains nilmtk converter and metadata generator for nilmtk conversion.

metadata/
* Metadata generated by metadata_generator.py

metadata_generator.py
* Metadata generator in accordance with nilm_metadata

convert_enertalk.py
* data converter for nilmtk



## Contents in 'notebooks' folder.
The visualization codes are used for the following figures.

Fig04.ipynb
* Figure 4: Data snippets of two houses.

Fig04_reduced.ipynb
* Downsampled version of Figure 4.

Fig05.ipynb
* Figure 5: Data snippets of two houses - measurements plots of six appliances.

Fig06.ipynb
* Figure 6: Snippets of six refrigerators from six different houses.

Fig07.ipynb
* Figure 7: Plots of power consumption measurements for sampling rate of 1/6 Hz, 1 Hz, 15 Hz.

Fig08.ipynb
* Figure 8: Hourly distribution of average power consumption (house 00)

Fig09.ipynb
* Figure 9: Top four cluster centers found with adaptive K-means clustering on the normalized data.

Fig10.ipynb
* Figure 10: Box plot of daily on-ratio over the 22 houses.

Fig11.ipynb
* Figure 11: Heatmap of daily observation ratio for the 22 houses.

Fig12.ipynb
* Figure 12: Average occurrence count of gaps for the 22 houses.

Fig13.ipynb
* Figure 13: Observation ratio of House 00.

Also, 'notebooks' folder contains the simple test code for the nilmtk

nilmtk_test.ipynb
* Simple loading h5 file generated by nilmtk converter
